Previously on
Sons of Anarchy:
MI5 intelligence has
confirmed the Irish Kings
are planning a trip stateside.
If you give me the information,
I will extract the Sons
from the RICO equation.
CLAY: Where are the letters?
Tara still got ’em?
Just leave her
out of it, huh?
Too late.
GEMMA:
We burned those letters.
There was no proof.
Why would he have to do this?
Clay read the letters.
The ones you saw burning
were copies.
I’m calling this
into the sheriff’s.
We have to find
those letters, Wayne.
I can prove to Clay
that there’s no threat.
Lobo approached us
last month, before
you guys even got out.
We didn’t know about Galindo.
There’s a neonatal
conference tomorrow.
Providence is hosting.
I’m going.
GEMMA: I talked to Tara.
She’s never going to tell Jax
about those letters.
She’s heading out of town
tomorrow morning.
Promise me you won’t hurt Tara.
I promise.
Got any more room in there?
I’m coming with you.
CLAY: We have
an internal threat.
I’m afraid she’s going
to expose us.
The doctor?
That’s your VP’s old lady.
Hoping you might want
to handle it.
We’ll clean it up.
There’s only one number
on the speed dial,
so call it when you
have a time and a place.
Once it’s set in motion,
it can’t be stopped.
(safe door shuts loudly)
Morning.
GEMMA: Hey.
You’re up early.
CLAY: Yeah.
Gotta go handle
this Mexican shit.
I’m afraid to ask
what that means.
Well, don’t.
Me and Jax
got it handled.
I’ll see you later.
Love you.
(door closes)
TARA: I packed a lunch.
I figured we could stop at that
park outside Walnut Grove.
Great.
I like that park.
(both laugh)
Hey, baby.
Hey, Mom.
What are you doing here?
Well, you’re taking my
grandkids on a one-way
trip to Oregon.
You think I’m not
going to stop
and say good-bye?
It’s just four
or five days.
Where’s Elyda?
I’m actually going to
take up Tara and the boys.
Turn it into a little
family vacation.
GEMMA: Out of state?
You’re on release.
TARA: No, we’re, we’re
staying in-state.
The conference is just a few
hours over the border.
And I’ll have Rogue River
keep an eye on them
up in Oregon.
Does Clay know?
He will after
you tell him.
We got stuff
with the Irish.
I’ll be back
day after tomorrow.
What about
the Mexicans?
Nothing for us to do.
It’s an internal beef.
We’ve been told
to stay out of it.
Say goodbye
to Grandma.
Aw...
Hello, baby.
What happened to Ortiz?
Couple ATF agents
took him out last night.
No explanation.
(flies buzzing)
UNSER (quietly): Okay...
(cell phone ringing)
Yeah?
Something’s wrong, Wayne.
Really?
Can’t imagine...
why you think that.
GEMMA: Clay emptied
the safe this morning.
Had to be 20 or 30 grand.
UNSER: Probably club stuff.
No. That’s
private cash.
Clay told me
that he and Jax
were going to handle
the Mexicans.
But Jax is going up
to Oregon with Tara.
GEMMA: He told me the club
is staying out of cartel stuff.
So, uh...
what did Clay need
the money for?
Get back here.
Please.
Destination info.
She left about 20 minutes ago.
She’ll take 99 to the 5.
It’s all there.
Okay, good.
CLAY: I want it clean,
I want it painless.
Don’t mess up her face.
Understood.
(motorcycle engine starts)
(singing, laughing)
♪ This old man ♪
♪ he played three ♪
♪ He played knick-knack
on my knee ♪
♪ With a knick-knack
paddywhack ♪
♪ Give the dog a bone ♪
♪ This old man came ♪
♪ rolling home ♪
(engine rumbling)
(turns off engine)
You handle that
Mexican thing?
That’s not
your concern.
Where’s Jax?
Went up to Oregon
with Tara and the kids.
Family outing.
Guess that explains why
he didn’t show, huh?
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
Hey, we got a problem.
I need for you to stop what we
set in motion this morning.
ROMEO: Why?
Jax and the kids
are with Tara.
I didn’t know.
Our man’s independent.
CLAY: There’s got to be a way
to get ahold of him.
I mean, you set it up.
ROMEO: Sorry, Clay.
It’s too late.
He checks in after he’s done.
(Clay sighs)
ROMEO: I’ll let you know.
Let him know
that Jax Teller
and the kids
are with the doctor.
- Shouldn’t we shut it down?
- No.
Just tell him to be careful.
I’m sure Teller’s armed.
Need you
to track down Jax.
He’s on his way to Oregon
with Tara.
- Bad time to be traveling.
I want him back now.
- TIG: Got it.
Hey, Clay.
There’s something up with Juice.
Nobody’s heard from him,
no phone calls,
and he’s not been home.
It’s got to be
Roosevelt.
Well, we would’ve
heard something from Lowen
if he got picked up.
Go check, will you?
I’m going to head up
to his cabin.
Check with my old man.
Uh, you should
stick around.
With Kozik still up north and
Happy over at Oswald’s,
gonna need bodies around.
Just in case we got to deal
with this, uh, Lobo shit.
Yeah, okay.
(police radio chatter)
(engine rumbling)
Hurry back, okay?
Hey, relax.
We’re civilians.
Yeah, right.
(cell phone ringing)
OFFICER:
Say, how you like it?
Excuse me?
My daughter wants one.
Oh, uh...
My old lady loves it.
It’s hers.
How fast is that 1150?
Fast enough.
You ride?
Yeah.
You miss the Defender?
Ah, I miss
the power.
Beamer’s more comfortable.
Got a shitty back.
Maybe it’s time to trade
it in for a cage, huh?
When I’m dead.
Amen to that.
Hey, little guy.
How you doing?
All right.
You gentlemen
have a good day.
POTTER: Eli.
Please, come in.
ROOSEVELT: Where’s Juice?
ATF holding.
Now that he knows
of our RICO goals,
it’s best to keep him
sequestered, until a trust
can grow.
ROOSEVELT: His crew was just
downstairs, looking for him.
Assuming that I picked him up,
and I did.
And I assume you
calmed their suspicions?
ROOSEVELT: I told them that
there were no charges,
and he was released
last night.
Perfect.
You played me.
Worse than the outlaws.
All that bullshit
about my gang experience,
and you just needed
a local scapegoat.
Let all that shit pile up
at my door, so you can keep your
secret war room concealed.
And I jumped in
like a goddamn Boy Scout.
Don’t wallow
in your discomfort, Eli.
This investigation will be
a big win for you, too.
We all rise up.
ROOSEVELT: No.
We don’t.
I’m done being your boy.
You want to
dirty my jacket,
go ahead.
Let me remind you of
the document you signed
several weeks ago.
I’m not gonna
breach confidentiality.
It was more than
keeping the secret.
It was an agreement
of participation.
If I feel I need your services
to expedite the case,
you are
legally obliged to aid
in that task.
Then I guess we
play it your way.
If this interview at
Providence goes well,
I think I should take the job.
You should.
Are you sure
you mean that?
Tara... take the job.
You got to give St. Thomas,
what, two, three weeks notice?
Yeah, probably.
I got one more deal
to lock down, and I’m good.
I’m gonna be ready to go
before you.
Clay. Clay, I can’t get ahold
of Jax, man.
He’s not picking up his cell.
Tara either.
I’ve got the name of the hotel.
I’ll have Rogue River waiting.
You want me up there?
No. Keep calling.
Uh, Roosevelt
picked up Juice yesterday.
Another piss test.
Released him last night, but,
uh, he hasn’t been seen since.
GEMMA: Call his
old girlfriend.
Tends to crawl back there
when he’s wounded.
BOBBY: Well, Precious stays
in touch with her.
I’ll give her a call.
I need to ask you
a question.
What?
Why’d you take all
that money out of the safe?
What’d I tell you
about digging
into club business?
That’s not club money.
That’s right.
That’s my money.
And as long as you got enough
to take care of the house
and amuse yourself,
you don’t need to worry
about it.
Did you really just
say that to me?
Maybe I should be
saying shit like that
to you more often.
Reminding you that you are not a
member of this club,
you’re an old lady.
And don’t forget it!
Okay.
(Tara screams)
Oh, my God!
TARA: What are you doing?!
Tara!
TARA: Let me go!
Let me go, goddamn it!
- JAX: Tara!
- TARA: Let me go!
(tires screeching)
TARA: Jax!
(horns honking)
(tires screeching)
(man screams)
(Tara screams)
(men shouting in Spanish)
Jax! Jax!
(Jax grunting)
No!
(van engine starts)
(Tara gasping, sobbing)
Okay, okay...
You’re okay.
Shit.
You guys okay?
(indistinct radio communication)
You have to take me
to St. Thomas.
Can’t do that, ma’am.
Out of our jurisdiction.
We’ll take you to Memorial, they
can transfer you from there.
She’s a surgeon
at St. Thomas.
You can’t take her?
Take her to Charming.
I’ll talk to your dispatcher.
All right?
Yes, sir.
Thank you.
You’re on federal release,
Mr. Teller.
Folks nearby heard
a lot of gunshots.
Hope you weren’t the one
firing the weapon.
No, sir.
They did all the shooting.
Look, I got to get
my boys home.
Can we do this at the hospital?
Please?
We’ll follow you there.
Thank you.
- JAX: Hey.
- TARA: The boys.
They’re fine.
They’re at the house
with Elyda.
It’s okay, babe.
You’re gonna be fine.
They’re taking you to X-ray.
Dr. Balian will be down there
to look at the hand, okay?
I love you.
Are you okay, baby?
I’m fine.
Where they taking her?
To X-ray.
I got to talk to the cops, Mom.
What happened, Jax?
Someone attacked Tara.
Tried to abduct her.
Let’s talk, Mr. Teller.
Oh, my God.
I’m a Hanna-Barbera
fan myself.
Quick Draw McGraw
was always my favorite.
(turns off TV)
My promise.
When we take down the Irish at
this meet, we’ll need to
prosecute the club members
present.
But that’s where it stops.
I will not use RICO
to dismantle the Sons.
It’s all there.
Just awaiting my signature.
I don’t know anything
about a meet.
Then go and find out.
You’re just
gonna let me out?
POTTER: Yes.
Here’s the deal, Juice.
We give you cell phone–
acts as a monitoring device.
We know where you are 24/7.
You check in every four hours.
You don’t check in, I get wind
you exposed us...
we rip this up,
we come crashing in.
I settle for the Mexicans
and the Sons.
SAMCRO and all its charters
will fall to RICO.
(turns on TV)
I’ll give you until after
The Jetsons to decide.
Then it’s off the table.
What happened?
Someone tried to take Tara.
They hurt her real bad.
Jesus.
We know who did it?
No.
(Clay sighs heavily)
JAX: They were
speaking Spanish.
It had to be Lobo retaliation.
I got a call into
Romeo; I haven’t heard back yet.
Let’s find Laroy.
- He knows how to get
in touch with Lobo.
- Absolutely.
TIG: All right, we got
V-Lin at your house
with the nanny.
We’ll keep Phil and Rat here
with Tara.
JAX: Call Alvarez.
We might need him.
GEMMA: Where you going, baby?
Stay with Tara.
Keep me posted.
Jesus.
Three broken metacarpals.
Median nerve?
Yes.
There’s damage from the trauma.
We should get in there
right away.
- TARA: Okay.
- MARGARET: I’ll schedule it.
BALIAN: We’re gonna do
everything we can.
I know.
Thank you.
(sighs)
♪ (hip-hop rapping) ♪
(men shouting)
TIG: Down!
Down! Down!
JAX: Stop firing!
- Down!
- Don’t shoot, man.
Don’t shoot!
CLAY: Laroy.
Laroy! Get out here!
- JAX: What the hell, Laroy?
- LAROY: You tell me!
We just walked in,
your crew starts shooting at us.
Thought you were
the damn cartel.
Do we look like
a goddamn cartel?
Your Mexicans do!
Put ’em down!
Lobo took out three
of my men this morning.
We’re all a little skittish.
Shit!
MAN: What the hell?
You just killed one
of my best soldiers, ese.
Don’t do it, Laroy.
It’s like that?
This wetback bitch
over me?
Hey, you both lost
a guy, you’re even.
No, we ain’t.
Get out!
I need your contact info
for Lobo Sonora.
LAROY: You need to get out
before this place
is crawling with purple,
and I kill everything–
brown and white.
TIG: Come on, Jax.
♪ (hip-hop rapping continues) ♪
♪ ’Cause Jesus drives a Harley ♪
♪ The devil wears Prada ♪
♪ If God was one of us ♪
♪ He’d probably drink vodka ♪
That was Romeo.
He’s just finishing up a meet
in Rio Vista.
- All right, let’s go.
- You’re too amped up.
What the hell
do you expect?
You’re gonna go back
to Charming. You’re going
to be with Tara.
All right?
I’ll get the intel from Romeo.
I am talking
to these guys!
- OPIE: Come on.
- JAX: What?
He’s right.
Let Clay handle it,
Jackie.
CLAY: Hey, we’re going to
find out who did this to Tara
and we’re gonna hurt ’em.
I promise.
You go be with your family,
all right?
TIG: Bobby and me, we’re
going to ride with you.
You stay with Jax.
No, can’t ride alone.
Not today.
All right, let’s go.
It’s awful–
this attack on Tara.
Yeah, I know.
You have no remorse
about what happened?
Sounds like you do.
I guess I do.
I’ve been trying
to get her to leave
for over a year.
Tara belongs here.
You see what
that gets her.
It got her
a beautiful son.
She’s blinded
by an adolescent bond.
You know she doesn’t
belong with your son.
What Jax and Tara do
is their business.
Are you kidding me?
The way you bully
and manipulate her–
use those babies as strings.
You better watch
what you say next.
Or what?
You’re going to beat
the shit out of me?
I’m not afraid of you.
You’re an awful woman.
And all this suffering
landing on Tara–
it’s because of you.
Where the hell
you been?
Sorry. Roosevelt
picked me up.
Yeah, we know.
Then what?
Had to clear my head.
Took a ride out to Yosemite.
Should have checked in.
I’m okay.
OPIE: Probably should have
stayed in Yosemite.
Shit’s hit the fan, brother.
Lobo tried to take Tara
this morning.
Jesus Christ.
Come on.
What the hell happened?
Your VP happened.
This is bad, man.
What’s the fallout?
Your guys crushed
her goddamn hand.
That’s the fallout.
Jax is on fire.
Thinks the Lobos did it.
That’s why I got the escorts.
Good.
Good?
Shit, it’s a goddamn disaster.
Paid 25 K for a clean job.
Here’s your refund.
We’ll take care of the hit
personally.
No more middle man.
Nah, forget it.
I can’t do that.
She’s still a threat.
Has to be taken care of.
Jax is never going to
leave her side, man.
Nah, nah, it’s too risky.
It’s more risky letting
her undermine this operation.
It has to be handled.
Soon.
(Clay sighs)
We need to give Jax
a few Lobos.
Satisfy his need for revenge.
Understood.
We’ll be in touch.
TARA: How bad?
Bones set easily.
No issue there.
The nerve damage was severe.
Oh... God.
What does that mean?
It means I won’t have
full use of my hand.
Is that permanent?
We don’t know yet.
You need to do more
surgeries and fix it.
Yes, we’ll try.
I’m gonna consult with Lane
and Delafield out of Cedars.
They’re the best
hand surgeons
in the country.
Okay, thank you.
(Tara crying)
GEMMA: What’s the matter?
Change your mind?
Get a refund
’cause they didn’t kill her?
I don’t know what
the hell you’re talking about.
You promised me.
You looked me in the eye and you
promised me you wouldn’t
hurt Tara!
You’re insane.
I had nothing to do with what
happened to Tara.
You took money out
of that safe this morning.
Hours later, somebody
goes after Tara.
She’d probably be dead
if Jax wasn’t with her!
You need to stop,
right now!
You didn’t know that Jax was
going to be with her, did you?
Or the boys.
Jesus Christ, those babies
could have been hurt!
Enough!
Maybe Jax needs
to know that truth.
You stay away from me,
you son of a bitch.
You stay away from my family.
Or what? You’re going
to kill me, Gemma?
Huh?
Like you did the first husband?
- GEMMA: You killed John.
- CLAY: Nah.
Baby, you killed him.
You played me for a chump,
and I was.
I was no match for that
tight pussy,
and that broken,
angry heart.
Yeah, maybe Jax needs to read
some of that truth.
(gunshot)
(both yelling)
GEMMA: Get away from me!
You piece of shit!
Now goddamn stay away from me!
JAX: Hey.
Do you want to say
good night to Abel?
Just, um, tell him
Mommy’s sleeping.
Thank you, Elyda.
Tell me what I can do for you.
Nothing.
Please,
get mad at me, Tara.
Scream at me or something.
I know this
is all my fault.
No.
It’s not, Jax.
This had to happen.
What are you
talking about?
Fate.
We’re supposed to be
together, right?
But you can’t leave here.
I am leaving here.
With you.
TARA: No.
The club won’t let you.
Gemma won’t let you.
Charming won’t let you.
JAX: Come on.
Babe, that’s just
the drugs talking.
You should get some sleep.
The only way I can be
with you is if
I lose my way out.
I lost that today, baby.
No.
I have a dead hand.
No one will want me.
No one...
I’ll never save
another life again.
I’ll never fix a tiny heart.
Hey, come on.
- Don’t do this.
- It’s okay.
’Cause now
we can be together– you, me,
Gemma– here in
beautiful Charming.
Happy family.
Maybe I should smash
my other hand.
That way I can just stay
at home.
- Be a mom, raise babies.
- Tara, stop.
Don’t...
don’t do that.
You should leave now.
- Okay, I’m sorry.
- I can’t see you.
Anyone.
Please just go.
- Baby, come on.
- Go! Go! Go!
(sobbing)
ROOSEVELT: Hey.
I heard about Tara.
Not now, bro.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Oh, Christ.
I see you found
your lost friend.
Aye. No thanks to you.
Give me a minute?
Back off.
It’s cool.
I’ll be right there.
- BOBBY: Yeah?
- JUICE: Yeah.
TIG: Yeah?
What do you want?
I want to apologize.
I’m getting tossed around by
this DA just as much as you are.
The way I’ve conducted myself...
I’m sorry.
Little late
for that now.
I know. It doesn’t mean
that I can’t man up
and tell you I was wrong.
Yeah, okay.
I know what
happened to Tara.
If you need anything,
you let me know, okay?
Thanks.
Oh, hey, brother.
How you doin’?
OPIE: Yo.
How’s Tara?
She’s okay.
She’s resting.
- How you doing?
- I’m all right.
JAX: Where’s Clay?
Oh, he went home.
He’s gonna check in
with you later, all right?
He met with Romeo. They’re going
to find the Lobos who did it.
JAX: Good.
Where were you?
I had to think.
JAX: Yeah. I get it.
Hey, thanks for being here.
Come on. Absolutely, brother.
Come on.
JAX: I’m going to hang.
I’m going to stay with Tara,
but you guys should head back.
We’ll leave
the prospects.
Need anything?
I’m good.
Ope.
Can I talk to you a minute?
Yeah.
I’ve been lying
to you, Ope.
The deal I made with Clay
about the cartel,
it was to get me out, too.
Uh... what do you mean?
I’m leaving SAMCRO, Ope.
I was going to jump when
Clay retired, but now...
I’m out when we get done with
this deal with the Irish.
After my five-year
stretch, I wanted out, too.
JAX: I know.
You talked me
into staying.
Yeah, I did.
I love you, Ope.
You’re my best friend.
I need you
in this club.
My family needs me more.
JAX: You were right, man.
I should have let you get out.
Donna would probably
still be alive.
I’m so sorry, bro.
You gotta fix things
with your wife.
Go talk to your old man.
You hold on
to that shit, Ope.
(motorcycle engine rumbling)
(phone beeps on, auto-dials)
MAN: Hello?
Checking in.
TIG: What the hell
happened to you?
(pounding on door)
UNSER: Gemma?
GEMMA: It’s open.
What’s going on?
Oh.
Oh, Jesus.
Holy shit, Gemma.
Clay did this?
Goddamn him.
Sit down.
Sit, hell! Got to get you
to the hospital!
No. No.
Noth-nothing’s broken.
Just sit.
Please.
What do you need,
sweetheart?
Just tell me
what I can do.
Nothing else to do.
It’s done, Wayne.
Clay can’t be saved.
UNSER: Okay.
I’ll point Piney’s
murder at him.
We’ll put him away.
GEMMA: No.
He’s not going down by law.
He’s going to die...
by the hand of a Son.